some of you will get the joke.
Hello ladies and gentlemen and welcome to The Right Opinion, the home of a twat with
too much free time.
And yes, if you're reading the title and think that I've turned into some alt-right
member, do not fear.
For those who don't understand the reference in a podcast, Francesca Ramsey, the very lovely
lady, attacked members of the nearby skeptic community and claimed that they made videos
like quote-unquote, the gays don't need rights.
So I'm patenting it and making it my own and taking all the power out of it that Francesca
so badly wanted it to give.
And yes, of course, despite the joke, the title is relevant to what we're talking
about today.
We'll be talking about gay rights in Australia.
Now Australia isn't quite like the rest of the world with its LGBT rights.
Although there are no laws restricting freedom of expression of one's sexuality, six states
currently have civil unions and two states still only recognise unregistered cohabitation.
Now there's no real reason for this apart from the fact that there may have been other
focal matters on Australia's agenda.
People generally are still quite friendly towards the idea of gay marriage in Australia.
However, now the topic is actually being brought up and a public postal survey on gay marriage
has been scheduled.
Now to my knowledge, this is completely advisory and whatever the response is, it won't be
set in stone.
The majority of the Senate and the House of Representatives support gay marriage and polling
has same sex marriage looking fairly strongly as well.
However, this is still led to response from the more conservative side of Christian Australia.
And today we're going to be looking at some of the most striking instance of individuals
putting forward discursive points against gay marriage that are being presented and
also looking at some of the more general points that can be made around this whole
scenario.
The poster we're going to be looking at today is obviously the most entertaining one
because I like entertainment, but it's also the most infamous one and the most divisive.
It is the notorious stop the facts.
This one is probably most distinct placard because of the quote facts they use.
When one of my friends shared this, I knew something wasn't quite right as all studies
I'd learned in scientific psychology the year before completely contradicted this.
So I did my research looking beyond the very vague questioning and I found a couple of
gaping holes in the study by the Catholic University of America.
Firstly, the NUs for same sex sample sat at only 20, which for any accomplished publisher
would be a huge red flag.
To get a real representative sample and to fall outside the margin of error, you really
need at least a hundred.
The opposite sex sample also used biological families.
Now you say to me, so what?
Well, studies also show that adopted children are much more likely to suffer developmental
issues like the ones listed, especially those who were adopted after the first six months
of their lifetime.
Involving biological children who naturally develop a lot more smoothly than adopted children
completely skews the results presented and basically renders the study invalid.
To serve a comparison, it would be like taking a sample of Chinese people who are all drunk
and then comparing their driving to a group of Mongolian people whose level of intoxication
are a representative sample.
You couldn't infer anything from the results because the state of being intoxicated serves
as an extraneous variable and you can't say Chinese people are wired to drive worse.
And for those who don't know what an extraneous variable is, it's something that unintentionally
influences the result and not the variable that you are looking to influence.
You can't compare adopted same sex children with biological opposite sex children as the
fact that they're adopted would play more as a variable than the nature of the parents.
When you actually take adopted children, almost all studies done in this area have otherwise
found no difference in the parenting abilities between same sex and opposite sex parents,
including a very in-depth meta-analysis earlier this year that summarised 79 reports on the
matter.
James Damore.
I was softer on him because although I believe his inferences were highly subjective, they
were based on legitimate research that would lead me to understand why he came to his conclusion,
although the conclusion is very debatable.
I don't believe he has an ulterior agenda beyond his opinion and I respect that.
When you have a poster that uses basically research that is unbelievably flawed to try
and undermine a discussion, I don't care what discussion that is, you lose it.
If for all social implications this research was somehow true, it would have to be considered.
And that's what annoys me the most.
I have berated the regressive left for their dismissal of scientific research points and
their attitude to protect feelings rather than protect truths, but what's worse than
completely dismissing science is insidiously using defective research to suit an agenda.
There has to be no doubt in this guy's mind, surely, that he knew exactly what he did when
he compared over 12,000 opposite sex parents to 20 same sex parents.
Like, alright, no one's forcing him to get on board with gay rights, but if you want
discussion about it, don't fake research, because to me that says you don't have real
points otherwise.
And yeah, I am pro-gay marriage, so maybe I am biased, and that's because I'm pro-equal
opportunity and I think people should have the opportunity to marry and start a family
as long as those rights don't infringe on other persons.
And I'm never one for excessive rights, and as you know I've been calling it out all year
on my channel, but for me it's not excessive to have legislative equality.
Gay marriage wouldn't be exclusivity, it'd be inclusivity.
But that's my own thoughts on that, and to be honest I really just wanted to focus on
the more specific points regarding the study that was presented.
All I want is a debate using honest facts.
But if you have anything else you'd like to say, I'd love to hear it, I'm all for debate
and as you know I'm always active in my comment sections, so just drop a line my way if you
want my thoughts on it.
I've also got open DMs on my Twitter, so you can hit me up there too.
I'm The Right Opinion, and I'll see you in the next one.